Aspirin
Aspirin is a salicylate (sa-LIS-il-ate). It works by reducing substances in the body that cause pain, fever, and inflammation.
Aspirin is used to treat pain, and reduce fever or inflammation. It is sometimes used to treat or prevent heart attacks, strokes, and chest pain (angina).
For more detail: https://www.drugs.com/aspirin.html

Adderall
Adderall is used to treat attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and narcolepsy. Adderall contains a combination of amphetamine and dextroamphetamine. Amphetamine and dextroamphetamine are central nervous system stimulants that affect chemicals in the brain and nerves that contribute to hyperactivity and impulse control.
For more detail: https://www.drugs.com/adderall.html

Benztropine
Benztropine is used with other medicines to treat symptoms of Parkinson's disease, such as stiffness or tremors.
Benztropine is also used to treat Parkinson-like symptoms caused by using certain medicines.
Benztropine may also be used for purposes not listed in this medication guide.
For more detail : https://www.drugs.com/mtm/benztropine.html

Benzonatate
Benzonatate is a non-narcotic cough medicine.
Benzonatate works by numbing the throat and lungs, making the cough reflex less active.
Benzonatate is used to relieve coughing.
For more detail: https://www.drugs.com/benzonatate.html

Cephalexin
Cephalexin is a cephalosporin (SEF a low spor in) antibiotic. It works by fighting bacteria in your body.
Cephalexin is used to treat infections caused by bacteria, including upper respiratory infections, ear infections, skin infections, urinary tract infections and bone infections.
For more detail: https://www.drugs.com/cephalexin.html

Entresto
Entresto contains a combination of sacubitril and valsartan. Sacubitril is a blood pressure medicine. It works by increasing the levels of certain proteins in the body that can dilate (widen) blood vessels. This helps lower blood pressure by reducing sodium levels.
Valsartan is an angiotensin II receptor blocker (sometimes called an ARB). Valsartan keeps blood vessels from narrowing, which lowers blood pressure and improves blood flow.
Entresto is used in adults with chronic heart failure. This medicine helps lower the risk of needing to be hospitalized when symptoms get worse, and helps lower the risk of death from heart failure.
For more detail: https://www.drugs.com/entresto.html

Ibuprofen
Ibuprofen is a nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drug (NSAID). It works by reducing hormones that cause inflammation and pain in the body.
Ibuprofen is used to reduce fever and treat pain or inflammation caused by many conditions such as headache, toothache, back pain, arthritis, menstrual cramps, or minor injury.
For more detail: https://www.drugs.com/ibuprofen.html

Lyrica
Lyrica was originally FDA approved as an anti-epileptic drug, also called an anticonvulsant. It works by slowing down impulses in the brain that cause seizures. Pregabalin also affects chemicals in the brain that send pain signals across the nervous system.
Lyrica is used to treat pain caused by fibromyalgia, or nerve pain in people with diabetes (diabetic neuropathy), herpes zoster (post-herpetic neuralgia), or spinal cord injury.
For more detail: https://www.drugs.com/lyrica.htmlz

Methadone
Methadone is an opioid medication. An opioid is sometimes called a narcotic.
Methadone reduces withdrawal symptoms in people addicted to heroin or other narcotic drugs without causing the "high" associated with the drug addiction.
Methadone is used as a pain reliever and as part of drug addiction detoxification and maintenance programs. It is available only from a certified pharmacy.
For more detail: https://www.drugs.com/methadone.html

Tramadol
Tramadol is a strong pain medication used to treat moderate to severe pain that is not being relieved by other types of pain medicines. Tramadol is a synthetic opioid and acts in the brain and spine (central nervous system) to reduce the amount of pain you feel.
The extended-release form of tramadol is for around-the-clock treatment of pain. This form of tramadol is not for use on an as-needed basis for pain.
For more detail: https://www.drugs.com/tramadol.html





